I'm Eddie Brock I'm a reporter now I
always seem to find myself questioning
something the government may not be
looking at I found something really bad
and I have been taken
look around in the world who deceive the
planet on the brink of collapse human
games are disposable but man and
symbiotes combined this is a new race
your species the higher life form
me
[Applause]
we cannot just hurt people
we have a deal I so many time
to that power it's not completely awful
you have no idea how much you're scaring
me right now
cooperate
and you just might survive guys you do
not want to do this trust me
we'll always come at a cost
[Music]
this office will be rolling down the
street oh I have a parasite
yeah neighbors Jen
[Applause]
you